All right, my friends, let's implement all this concurrency control stuff inside of our tickets service.
First, we're going to first focus on building out all this versioning stuff inside of our ticket service.
We're then going to make sure that all the versioning numbers and whatnot get reflected inside of all
these different events.
So we eventually emit and we'll eventually move over to our order service and make sure that the order
service makes use of the versioning stuff as well.
So ticket service first we're going to take a look at a little module that we're going to use along
with Mongoose to handle all the versioning stuff for us.
Then we're going to start to write out a test or two to make sure that it all works as we expect.
So let me first show you some documentation on the module that we're going to use at NPM.
We're going to look up a module called Mongoose Update if current.
So here it is right here.
So if you want to, you could certainly take a look at the documentation.
It's actually some pretty fantastic documentation.
It explains what it does pretty easy and straightforward.
You will notice if you read the documentation that this thing can implement optimistic concurrency control
either by using a version number or by using a timestamp.
So like an actual date time when the record was last updated at we're going to go with the strategy
of using a version as opposed to a timestamp.
So that's what we're going to be doing inside of our app.
So if you want to again, take a look at the documentation here, it's really easy to get started with.
Pretty much all we have to do is import it, wired it up to our schema.
So the schema that we want to use this versioning stuff on and then the one reason that I'm kind of
showing you the documentation here, just a little piece of trivia, you'll notice that if we're going
to use this a version number thing, so version one, version two, version three and so on, the version
is going to be set on the underscore underscore V property of the mongoose document.
So chances are you've seen that underscore underscore v thing before with mongoose, even if we take
a look at, say, our.
Postman that we've been using.
Let's see if I can log in here really quickly.
Come on.
I want to show you one.
Log me in and then post a ticket.
There we go.
Finally.
So you can see underscore, underscore, score V right there.
So that is the version number that Mongoose implements by default.
But right now, there's nothing to actually increment it, nothing to say, make use of this value,
make use this flag or anything like that.
So by default mongoose update of current that's the module we're using is going to try to use that underscore
underscore V property for checking the version now for you and I underscore underscore V doesn't really
have a lot of meaning.
We don't really glance at that and say, Oh yeah, that's tracking the document version.
So we are going to make a little tweak to this module.
It's a setting.
We're not going to update any internal code or anything like that and say rather than using underscore
underscore V, we're going to use a field instead called simply version, exactly the same as what we've
used on all these different diagrams.
So as we save records to our database, rather than using the default of underscore underscore V to
track the version, we're going to forcibly rename this thing to be simply version.
And that's just going to make it a lot easier for you and I to look at that number, understand what
it means, and eventually take that number and throw it into an event as well.
Because as you can imagine, if we had inside of an event underscore underscore V, not a lot of meaning.
They're a lot easier to just write out version and immediately look at this thing and say, Oh yeah,
it's the version.
I understand what that's all about.
Yes, that's the idea.
So as your guests, we're now going to go over to our terminal install mongoose update if current into
our tickets service.
So at my terminal.
I can open up a new terminal window.
Change over to my ticket service and install mongoose updates if current.
Okay.
Well, that runs.
We'll take a quick pause, come back the next video and start to update our ticket service and use this
new little module thing.